Backstage interview on "That Song’s” production!
*[Parody Song] I tried to sing the first support song with my lyrics! [Senbonzakura] #170
*It looks like you've gone with a parody song this time, but were you worried at any particular point in making it?*
Ah, well, yes
*Kizuna Ai - Singer*
I've made a conscious effort to keep the rhyme and rhythm the same as the original
So that the song still feels the same
Like changing "Free and easy"...
To "Ai Ai cheering"...
Or "This is a feast"...
To "And now here I sing"...
Or "The world in eternal darkness"...
Well...
To "In this bright world, wherever you are"...
As much as possible, I've tried to be careful...
To keep the world of Cryptract...
And the world of Senbonzakura...
Alive, while putting my rhymes together
*What part of the song do you feel most confident about?*
Hmm… Rather than anything I felt confident in…
I'd say that is the part that I tried to solve intelligently
Like, a part where I thought "That's it!"
Like changing "guillotine" to "the best"...
Or "ray gun" to "mythical creatures"...
They're words that I think of when I see Cryptract...
But I tried to use similar words to those of the original song too, what do you think?
*But changing "A thousand cherry trees disappear into the night" to "Genjuu Keiyaku Cryptract", that was a stretch*
Yeah, it kind of was... uhm...
You'll learn when you're ol--!
*Of course, this was a cheer song, right?*
Yes! That’s right
*Then why on more than one occasion the lyrics were talking about yourself?*
Actually, in the beginning...
Well, I made all the lyrics about myself, bu-
*How did it feel to be "Kizuna Ai, the Singer"?*
Well, it was, you know…
*Director of audiography*
It was great, of course
I've got a part, do you want to see it?
"You are my friend, #BFF, Yay!"
Director: Ai-chan!
D: Maybe we should change the “Yay” a bit...
A: Ah, yes! Got it!
A: What kind of feeling should I put into the "Yay"...?
D: Hmm...
D: Yeah, maybe be your usual energetic self
A: Got it!
A: Ah… wait a moment...
A: Hello everyone!
A: Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!
A: Ah! I'm good to go!
D: Hm? Good, let's go
A: Yaaay!
A: How was that?
NoriP: What do you mean, how was that? What even was that?
A: Huh?
A: Why, it's Kizuna Ai's Senbonzakura's special broadcast, of course
N: Eh? But… you're not in it...
A: Eh? I'm not in it?!
N: No, you're not in it, and if I had to put a name to it, it'd should be a Cryptract Senbonzakura, right?
A: Eeeeh? No!
A: After all the effort I went into making it!
A: I was told I was free to choose the video!
A: No, no, no, no, no!
A: Let me appear! Let me appear! Let me appear!
A: No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
N: Um... could I just get you to cheer on Cryptract?
A: Ah...
A: Yes, of course, of course!
A: Man, NoriP-san...
A: Alright, well let's do it! Cryptract!
N: Ai-chan... Have you ever played "The Room of Reason"?
A: Well, it turns out that...
A: To be honest with you, I don't really get it
N: You really are honest, aren't you?
N: To tell you the truth, we've renewed that section
A: Ooh! Really? Eh?
N: Yeah
A: What's changed?
N: What was it... you can now challenge all of the mythical creatures!
*Excluding recent additions*
A: I see, so that means...
A: You can go on to fight the hard ones, right?
N: Yes, you can say that
A: Ahhhh! Can I do it? Can I do it?
N: Don't worry...
A: ...I'm wearing pants?
N: Mmm?
N: In this occasion, I will be properly guiding you through it
A: Eh? That's nice, what happened?
N: I want you to beat it in a really great way, so then...
A: I see! I mean, that's great!
A: That’s what I wanted!
N: Well then, I know this is somewhat sudden, but...
N: Ai-chan, could you show me your characters?
A: Yep, yep
N: This time, could you challenge the mythical beast called “Baphomet”?
N: And these are the characters you have at the moment
A: Yes
N: You've got a lot of strong ones, haven't you?
A: That’s right, I got a lot of them!
N: The Reflection skill...
A: Yes, yes
N: That's pretty important
A: Ooh, so it counters an attack or something?
N: That's right, that's right
N: So, you're going to need units that have that skill...
A: Mmhm...
N: Oh!
N: You don’t have Bizarre?
A: Do I... need one?
N: No, you're fine without one, but...
A: Hmm!
N: But it has the Reflection skill, so then Bizarre...
N: Well, it would have been great to use him this time
A: Oh, I s-see...
N: *laughs* You really don't like that one, do you?
A: Umm...
A: This is one that's come out recently, but...
N: Sure, sure, sure
A: Look, probably... yeah...
A: He's a guy, and he's not cute...
A: And... he's level one!
N: That's true, why haven’t you trained him?
A: Because he's not cuuute!
N: *laughs* But he's really strong!
A: Eh? Noone other than him...?
N: Right
A: So none of the cute girls have this skill?
N: Ah, well, there probably are some, but...
A: Hmm...
N: But uh, take a look at the skills
A: He looks powerful...
N: He can recover an ally's entire HP
A: He's strong, right?
N: He's strong, right?
N: He also has Blessing
A: Ah! So he won't die!
N: That's right
A: Ooh! Eh? But...
A: If I use it... ehm...
A: If I win... I can use some iTunes cards
*NoriP laughs*
N: That’s the first thing you think of
N: Well... ehm...
N: For the moment, concentrate on beating it together
N: Do your best!
A: Oh!
A: I have no other choice...
A: Because it's NoriP's request
N: First, make sure to train him, okay?
N: At Bizarre
A: Ah, I see
A: Please leave it to me!
A: This is a piece of cake
N: Really?
A: What do you think?
A; I gave them some training!
N: This time...
A: Yes!
A: Hmhmm...
N: If you put most of your points...
A: Yes
N: Into the reflection skill...
N: You can strike back powerful attacks!
A: Strike them back!
A: Sort of like *pakow*, right?
N: That's right!
N: First of all, this one has the most points...
A: Hmm...
N: In the third wave...
N: And with Baphomet too...
N: Have the Square of Darkness
A: Ah!
A: Yes, yes, yes
N: You have that square, but...
A: They use poison attacks on you
A: Aaah, that’s not good
N: Well, if you get affected by that p-poison...
N: Your HP goes down by 75%
A: 75%?!
N: That’s right
A: That’s a lot...
A: Mmm… mmm, ah!
N: That’s why you should turn that back onto your opponent with the Reflection barrier
N: That way, you can cause massive damage to Baphomet
A: That’s right!
A: Ooohh!
A: That's very nice
N: Very nice
A: But, if you can't land the counterattack...
A: You're in trouble, right?
N: That’s right
A: I see
N: Also, since he has Blessing, and there are, well, lots of enemies...
N: You'll definitely need a unit with Multi-Strike too, I think
A: Dorothy-chan!
A: Yeah, Dorothy
A: Tiana-chan!
N: You've got Tiana, right?
A: Oh! Mhm...
N: So I think this time, this formation is good enough
N: Tiana, Bizarre, Dorothy, Crista
A: Oh!
A: Perfect, isn't it?
A: This... is Baphomet
N: That's right
A: Then let's get started!
A: Oh! We've started!
N: Well...
N: Here's the first wave, for a start
A: Yeah
N: This is, uh...
A: So cute!
N: *laughs* That's because this is a wave from the event that's on right now
A: Oh, oh
N: Let's do this quickly
A: Let's go, how adorable
A: Ahh!
N: This is where it really begins
A: These... these... these guys look strong
N: Well, one... well, this... with respect to this wave, you must use the skills little by little to defeat them
A: Ah! I think I’m not doing so bad, right?
N: Yeah, it’s true
N: This was as safe as I thought it would be, hmm
A: You’re right
N: You could probably do this on auto
A: But I defeated the guys at the start straight away
N: That's true, and I really think you've improved
A: Yeah
N: You've found a lot of powerful units..
A: Yeah, that’s right
N: So I'd say you're an advanced player, and that's no exaggeration
A: Gamer Kizuna Ai…
A: She swung it in the air!
A: Eh? It's suddenly got a lot more difficult
N: That's right, there's a fair chance we'll get killed here
A: There is!
A: I'll focus
N: So please focus
A: Aaaaahhhhhh!
A: If I didn’t have Blessing, I’d be dead
N: Yes, that’s right
N: From here on, you're going to need to save up your skills for the next part
A: Ah, yeah. I'll conserve them!
N: Oh? Not much further
A: That's right
N: Mmm...
A: I should conserve my skills and recover my HP
N: That’s right
A: Oh! Just in time
N: Oh!
A: Wasn’t that a great moment?
A: The hard part starts from now!
N: Starting from now, right?
A: Oh!
A: The entrance on the stage is...
A: Great
N: This enemy that has a light...
N: Eeehh...
A: Yes
N: That square purple enemy...
A: Mmm... mmm... Ah! mmm.... mmm... yes...
N: Uses poison attacks aganst enemies in front of it
N: And then, this...
A: Mmm... mmm...
N: Enemy that’s square-shaped, has a timer
A: Ah!
A: Something like: "One, two, three"?
A: "One, two, three", right?
N: That’s right, that’s right
N: When the timer ends, you need to have the counterattack barrier up
A: Ah...
A: I see
N: Yes
A: I understand
A: Ah, sensei!
N: Yes
A: This kind of bone...
N: The bone is...
A: Yes
N: Once you have placed the Reflection barrier...
N: It’ll take away your skills
A: Yes
A: This is very dangerous, right?
N: That’s right
A: That means I should defeat it...
N: You need to defeat it first
A: I see
N: Let’s do it!
A: Let’s do it! March!
A: Teeeiii!
A: Prepare yourself!
A: Ah, I’m not doing any damage to it
A: This... Here I go!
A: Eh?
N: I’d like to defeat the enemies, but...
N: This kind of bone... well, let’s say bone...
A: Yes
N: It’s very powerful, it’s very hard, right?
A: It’s hard?
A: In that case, I should weaken it...
A: I should weaken it, right?
N: I’m sure that Ai-sensei will be fine
A: It’s true
N: Oh, now...!
N: You're so close from beating them...
A: It’s true, Ah! But the enemy also...
A: Has Blessing, so then...
N: That’s right
A: Man, what an uncomfortable situation
N: Here is where you should use consecutive attacks, right?
A: It’s true
A: This... should be...
N: Yes...
A: Of course, you can’t beat it before it uses it’s poison...
N: No, you can beat it earlier
A: I see
N: Yes, that’s right
A: That was just an excuse
A: Let’s go! Let’s go!
A: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
N: Oh! Oh!
A: Oh! I did a lot of...
A: Although I still got a bit to go, right?
A: Toiyaa!
A: The bone... the bone is very hard
A: Ah, I have little HP, I’m in trouble, right?
N: That was good, right?
A: That was good, right?
A: Ah? Mmm?
A: What is this?
A: Ouch!
A: Aaaah!
A: Ah! Ah! Here it is!
N: Here it...
A: Here it is!
N: Here it is
A: Here...
A: Here it is
A: Ah!
A: Eh? Ah...
A: Aahhh... the Blessing...
A: The Blessing
A: Eh?
A: With this, I’ll be fine, right?
A: I can use it, right?
A: Eh? But... wait... but...
A: The bone... The bone still hasn’t died
A: The bone hasn’t died
A: This is... Aaahhh! Wai...
A: Wait... wait a minute...
A: Aaahh...
A: It’s... Ah! Oh!
N: You’re in trouble... Oh!
A: Eh? But, with this... wait.. the bon...
A: The bone...
A: It’s not certain that it takes your skills, right?
N: That’s right
A: That’s right
A: Depending on luck, right?
A: Well, I’m a lucky A.I, so then...
A: Mmm?
A: IT CURED ITSELF!
A: Ah! Ah!
*The poison attack was countered!*
A: Ah, I was able to counter it?
A: Ah, I was able to counter its poison, its poison!
A: Oooh?
A: Ah, it lowered its HP!
A: Incredible!
A: I did it!
A: I found it!
N: I just saw it!
A: You saw it? I did great, right?
N: You did it, right?
A: I’m very happy
A: Although...
A: That monster...
N: No
A: It’s dangerous...
A: Ah!
N: He just.. he just took your skills, right?
A: He did it...
A: It’s a bad boy...
N: But you managed to damage Baphomet a lot, look...
A: It’s true!
N: You managed to lower its HP
A: Right?
A: Just a bit more
A: And now...
N: Don’t you think you’re close to winning?
A: It’s true and now I’ll do the consecutive attacks...
A: Oh! Oh! Oh!
A: Two, one, zero!
A: Oh! Ah! Ah!
A: Ah!
A: Eh?
A: Just one more hit...
A: Here I go!
A: Good! I was able to defeat one!
A: Oh! Oh! Two more!
A: Aaaahhh! What is this?
A: I’m in trouble!
A: Ah!
A: A group attack
A: Sooi!
A: How adorable!
A: Ah!
A: Only...!
A: Come on!
A: I can do it!
A: I can do it
A: Now, just one more hit, just one more hit, hoi!
A: I did iiiit! Good!
N: Ooohhh! Incredible
A: Ah
A: Aahhh...
N: Ah
A: No...
N: But you’re still fine... Oohhh!
A: Oooh!
N: The friend...
A: Oh! Ah! Ah! Ah!
N: Character
*Who would’ve thought that with the friend’s attack...*
A: Oh! Ah!
N: Oh?
A: Oh?
A: Did it… die?
N: Maybe?
A: Ah! I defeated it
N: You defeated it
A: Hoiyoo!
A: Man...
A: As I thought, I will win, right?
*Who would have thought that the friendly character would also deal the last blow...*
A: I DID IT! I WOOOON!
N: Ooohh! Incredible!
A: What do you think?
N: Incredible! It’s great!
A: I’m great! Right?
N: Oh!
A: Oh!
N: You got... Baphomet...
A: I got it, right? Oooh!
A: Give me your wings, please
A: It’s very tall, right?
A: And it has a really slim waist
A: It’s incredible, it has a good figure, right?
A: It’s great
A: Ooohh! I caught Baphomet!
A: Very good, very good
A: I did it!
N: It was incredible, really, you did it without issues, right?
A: It’s true! It was unexpected
N: It was unexpected compared to last time...
A: Right?
N: Right?
N: Last time, what was it called? Nightmare?
A: Mmm...? Ah... Eh?
N: Eh? I think we had a nightmare where we repeated five times, right?
A: It’s true...
A: I wonder what was that…?
N: What was that, right?
N: Today, you were truly great
A: That’s right, isn’t it?
N: Mmm...
N: Probably all who watched you...
A: Mmm... mmm...
N: Were able to understand how to fight against Baphomet
A: That’s right! I was useful this time!
N: Mmm...!
N: With the reflect skill… against poison type attacks from enemies...
A: Mmm.. mmm...
N: And then you defeat it by attacking consecutively
A: YES!
N: It was to be expected of you!
A: You said everything that you wanted to say
A: Good job, very good
A: Of course, NoriP-san...
N: Yes, yes
A: I won
N: Yes
A: That means...
A: Summonings!
A: Right?
N: It’s true, now that you worked hard...
A: That’s right
N: Let’s do summonings...
A: Just in time
A: This...
A: Please look...
N: Yes
A: At my girlfriend
N: Your girlfriend is Shanmao?
A: My girlfriend is Shanmao, did you know?
N: She’s adorable
A: She’s very adorable, right?
A: That skirt’s frills...
N: Yes...
A: And that behind her...
A: That has the form of a butterfly...
N: Yes
A: And also...
*Pervert Mode activated*
A: Her thighs look very nice...
A: It’s great, right~?
N: I’m scared, I’m scared, I’m scared
A: Ah, probably...
A: Since I’m so great...
A: I’ll attract an adorable girl at my side, right?
A: Isn't that the explanation for this image?
N: I see, this… well...
N: You won’t be bothered if you obtain the old man?
A: Where’s the old man?
N: How strange... you can’t see it, right?
A: I can’t see anything more than pretty girls with my eyes...
A: That’s right
N: In this case, make sure to obtain Shanmao
A: Yes!
A: It won't come out if I overboard too much
A: Here I go!
A: *inhales* PLEASE!
A: Eh!
A: Eeeeeh?
A: Eh? Eeeeeeh?
A: No, but...! Now...!
N: Hmm... We don't know yet
A: AHHHHHH!
N: Eh... There are times like this
A: Right... That girl is just tsudere-ing
N: Yeah
N: But you can still try, maybe...
A: Yes, you're right, I'll get her!
N: You'll get her, right?
A: Yes, I will!
A: Shanmao-chan, Shanmao-chan, Shanmao-chan
A: Come...
N: Like "Kiri-chan, Kiri-chan, Kiri-chan?"
A: Yes, like that
A: Kiri-chan
A: Ah! Did you see that?
N: Oh? Oh?
A: This is definitely Shanmao-chan, I swear!
N: I saw it
A: Ah! See, look!
A: There's two! Look! Look!
A: There's two of them, two!
A: See, see, see
A: Uh, what... she's cute, but...
N: Oh!
A: She's cute, eh, she's cute, she's cute
A: She's cute, but...
N: Good
A: Ah! Ah!
N: Oh?
A: Ah! AHHHH!
N: OHHHH!
A: SEE, I HAD SOME LUCK, THANK GOODNESS!
N: You had it!
A: Thank goodness, eh?
A: She's cute!
A: Oh! She has...
A: Has pretty sharp moves, doesn't she?
N: Mm?
A: Here, did you see that?
N: I saw it, I saw it
A: Like, "Soh!"
A: Ohh, she's good
A: This girl... ah, for items!
A: She's good for item drops, right?
N: Eh? You got her
N: Wow
A: I got her, hehe, hehe
A: Heh, see, look at her
A: She's so cute!
N: You actually got her
A: I got her
A: How was that?
N: WOW!
A: Well... I know, right?
N: As expected of you, seriously amazing!
A: Ah! I just noticed...
A: This...
A: They have the same...
A: They have the same voice actress! Wow!
N: They're the same, right?
A: Also, this is the first time that I get both
N: Wow!
A: She's cute!
N: So amazing, I can't believe it
A: Oh!
A: Well...
A: I had it
N: As expected of you, you actually had it!
A: I had it!
A: Thank you very much!
N: This...
N: You have to raise them now
A: Is that, right? Yeah
N: Wow!
A: Wow!
N: What, this is a godly episode
A: I did it!
A: Thank you very much! Well, you know...
A: Cryptract really understands, doesn't it?
A: NoriP-san
N: Yes
A: I, Kizuna Ai
A: Need to apologize to you for something
N: Yes?
A: Even though...
A: I am the leader of a Union yet...
A: I haven't been able to...
A: Participate in Union battles *crying sounds*
N: You are busy after all
A: That's the case...
A: But still... but...
A: If I use that as an excuse...
A: I won't be able to interact with everyone, right?
N: Yes
A: So you see, I will try my best to participate, so...
A: Everyone please play with me! I'd appreciate it!
A: But wait, listen to me, I'm...
N: Yes?
A: Praying, actually...
N: Ah
N: When the battle, the union battles are happening
A: To everyone
N: I understand
N: I'm praying too
A: For my union?
N: For the union battles...
N: Kizunazaka46
A: You're in it?
N: Yes, I'm in it
A: Wow, that's stealthy
N: Stealthy... is it? I'm in it
A: Eh?
A: Which one are you?
N: Uh... down here, this is it
A: It's actually NoriP-san!
N: I'm contributing a ton, yes
A: You're contributing a lot...
A: Okay then, this was the Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...
N: NoriP!
A: See you later!
N: Bye bye!
A: Bye bye! Bye bye!
Translated by Bararo, score, Mitsukitten, Zerch, Lacrymac, and Vortex